To get to the orangery, you have to go through several hallways and two flights of stairs.
This early in the morning, the castle is nearly deserted.
You pass by some cleaners making the rounds.
Otherwise your only company is the stern oil paintings looking down on you from the walls.
Finally, you reach the orangery.
Despite everything, you are a little excited to find out what an orangery is.
You open the door and emerge into a large, bright room.
The ceiling is glass and the walls are also made of glass
It looks kind of like a greenhous without plants.
There are tables all over the floor.
A breakfast buffet is being set up.
In the corner you see them, the brothers.
They're both dressed all in black, with those old-timey english country-person hat.
One is tall and very thin, with an extroardinarily large nose and a bushy mustache.
The other short and quite stout, with a similarly large nose and an even bushier mustache.
You walk up to their table, they eye you suspiciously as you approach.
YOU: Are you the Mook brothers?
TALL BROTHER: It's "the Brothers Mook" to you.
His voice is high and nasal, like he's trying to keep his mouth as shut as possible when he talks.
SHORT BROTHER: That's right. "Brothers Mook". Only close friends call us "Mook brothers".
SHORT BROTHER: You're not on that list.
The shorter brother's voice is low and raspy. 
He takes another drag from his cigarette before stubbing it out on the "no smoking" sign at the table.
TALL BROTHER: Come to apologize then, have you?
SHORT BROTHER: I think it's high time you apologized. 
You rack your brain for why you should apologize. 
This might be one of those times when being amnesiac puts you at a disadvantage, you think to yourself. 
YOU: I'm... sorry? For what I did.
TALL BROTHER: That didn't sound very authentic, did it, brother?
SHORT BROTHER: Not at all, brother. It sounded faker than the Hauptmann's tenner.
TALL BROTHER: And Hauptmann was a famous counterfeiter. 
TALL BROTHER: In case you didn't know.
SHORT BROTHER: Talk to us when you are ready to apologize for real. 
The brothers shut up and refuse to acknowledge any other questions.